# Real Estate Equipment Acquisition Analysis Tool
A decision analysis tool to aid real estate investors in the acquisition of development equiptment

### Description

In the real estate industry, there is a huge opportunity for digital transformation. Moreover, there is a strong need for data driven analysis tools to empower small to medium-sized real estate companies to realize their fullest potential. With this project I would like to build a decision analysis tool to help real estate development companies evaluate key business decisions to improve their business operations and customer services. Cash flow and profit/loss analysis will be central to this decision analysis tool.

### The Decision Problem

* Who is the decision-maker?
    * The owners and decision makers of small-medium sized real estate companies
    
    
* What decision does this agent confront?
    * Real Estate Developer:
        * The acquisition of development equipment.
        
        
* What is the set of options (or potential actions) from which this decision-maker chooses? 
    * Real Estate Developer
        * Acquire or don’t Acquire development equipment (rent)
        
        
* What are the stakes of the decision? What real costs and benefits are realized from making better vs. poorer decisions?
    * Real Estate Developer
        * Equipment may malfunction and may incur maintenance/repair costs
            * Cost of Equipment VS Renting
            * Long term benefit (Lower cost of development).
            
### The Predictive Tool

What information does your chosen predictive tool provide?
* It provides insights to business owners as to what strategic business decisions to make in order to grow their business. 

How will the decision maker use the information generated by this tool to make better decisions?
* The tool will be used in the development of their strategic business development or expansion plan which they can execute on.

The main goal in this analysis is to derive a model that maximizes the value of acquiring a piece of development equipment while minimizing the risk as a function of cost. Essentially, we want the biggest bang for our buck. We will use a bulldozer as an example of a piece of development equipment.